cloud: refine vpc peering doc from doc test (#9709)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > When setting the project CIDR, avoid any conflicts with the CIDR of the VPC where your application is located. You need to set a project CIDR that is different from the CIDR of the VPC where your application is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > To avoid any conflicts with the CIDR of the VPC where your application is located, you need to set a different project CIDR in this field.
```

    ```bash
    # Creates route table rules.
    aws ec2 describe-route-tables --region "$app_region" --filters Name=vpc-id,Values="$app_vpc_id" --query 'RouteTables[*].RouteTableId' --output text | tr "\t" "\n" | while read row
    do
        app_route_table_id="$row"
        aws ec2 create-route --route-table-id "$app_route_table_id" --destination-cidr-block "$tidbcloud_project_cidr" --vpc-peering-connection-id "$pcx_tidb_to_app_id"
    done
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If the `An error occurred (MissingParameter) when calling the CreateRoute operation: The request must contain the parameter routeTableId` error occurs when you try to create a route table rule, the route table rules might be successfully created. In this case, you can check the rules and ignore the error.

Reviewer: "might be successfully created"? or "might be not successfully created"

Author: might be. Even if the error occurs, the route table rule are still created.

Reviewer: got it now. I added a suggested change. PTAL

>     > If the `An error occurred (MissingParameter) when calling the CreateRoute operation: The request must contain the parameter routeTableId` error occurs when you try to create a route table rule, the route table rules might be successfully created. In this case, you can check the rules and ignore the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Sometimes, even if the route table rules are successfully created, you might still get the `An error occurred (MissingParameter) when calling the CreateRoute operation: The request must contain the parameter routeTableId` error. In this case, you can check the created rules and ignore the error.
```

    2. From the left navigation bar, open the **Peering Connections** page. On the **Create Peering Connection** tab, a peering connection is in the **Pending Acceptance** status.

>     3. Confirm the requester owner is TiDB Cloud (`380838443567`). Right click on the peering connection and select **Accept Request** to accept the request in the **Accept VPC peering connection request** dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Confirm the requester owner is TiDB Cloud (`380838443567`). Right-click the peering connection and select **Accept Request** to accept the request in the **Accept VPC peering connection request** dialog.
```

        ![Search all route tables related to VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/vpc-peering/aws-vpc-guide-4.png)

>     3. Right click on each route table and select **Edit routes**. On the edit page, add a route with destination to the Project CIDR (by checking the **VPC Peering** configuration page in the TiDB Cloud Console) and fill in your peering connection ID on the **Target** column.

Author: ```suggestion
    3. Right-click on each route table and select **Edit routes**. On the edit page, add a route with a destination to the Project CIDR (by checking the **VPC Peering** configuration page in the TiDB Cloud Console) and fill in your peering connection ID on the **Target** column.
```

        ![Search all route tables related to VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/vpc-peering/aws-vpc-guide-4.png)

>     3. Right-click on each route table and select **Edit routes**. On the edit page, add a route with a destination to the Project CIDR (by checking the **VPC Peering** configuration page in the TiDB Cloud Console) and fill in your peering connection ID on the **Target** column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Right-click each route table and select **Edit routes**. On the edit page, add a route with a destination to the Project CIDR (by checking the **VPC Peering** configuration page in the TiDB Cloud console) and fill in your peering connection ID in the **Target** column.
```
